       Thank you for your interest in licensing SIFT and the
Blimps searching programs. These files and programs are copyrighted by
the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center and are made freely available
for noncommercial use. We cannot provide any support for them beyond what
we do to maintain them for our research. However, we would appreciate
being informed of how they are being used.


        FHCRC currently has no policy regarding commercial use of SIFT
and Blimps, although they may have in the future. So commercial users
may use them now under the noncommercial license.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------
Steven Henikoff and Pauline Ng 
Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center             FAX: 206-667-5889
1100 Fairview AV N, A1-162, PO Box 19024           Seattle, WA 98109-1024

============================================================================
(C) Copyright 1993-2010, Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center

LICENSE -- License and copyright information for SIFT and BLIMPS

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
                      FHCRC NONCOMMERCIAL LICENSE
                 Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center
                         1100 Fairview AV N
                       Seattle, WA  98109-1024


This license may be copied and distributed but may not be modified in
any way.

                               RECITALS:

      A.  Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center is a nonprofit
corporation dedicated to investigating the nature and causes of cancer
and methods of cancer prevention and treatment and for conducting
education in all phases of cancer research.

      B.  This license is designed to permit certain activities with
respect to any computer programs to which it applies on the terms
stated in this license.

                         TERMS AND CONDITIONS:

      1.   Definitions.

      "Program" means the computer software and associated
documentation in whatever form or format including source and object
code.

      "Derivative Work" means any modification, addition, upgrade,
update or improvement of the Program and any other work constituting a
derivative work under the copyright laws.

      "Licensee" means licensee of the Program under this license.

      "FHCRC" means Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center.

      2.  License, Copy, Distribute and Create Derivative Work.  FHCRC
hereby grants Licensee and Licensee accepts, subject to the terms and
conditions of this Agreement, a nonexclusive, royalty-free license to
use, copy and sublicense the Program and prepare and sublicense
Derivative Works.  This license is expressly limited as follows:

           a.  All copies of the Program must conspicuously show an
appropriate copyright notice and disclaimer of warranty and must
expressly refer to this license.  In addition, Derivative Works must
conspicuously state that the Program has been modified and the date of
any modification.

           b.  Licensee may not charge any fee or royalty for copies
of the Program or Derivative Work.  Licensee is authorized to
sublicense the Program and any Derivative Work to third parties on a
royalty-free basis subject to the terms of this license but may not
otherwise distribute the Program or any Derivative Work.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Licensee may be reimbursed for any
actual expenses it incurs in reproducing or delivering a copy of the
Program or any Derivative Work.

           c.  This license does not apply to a work written entirely
by Licensee.

           d.  Licensee agrees to make available to any person to whom
it sublicenses this Program or a Derivative Work source code and
object code for the Program or Derivative Work.

           e.  Licensee may not impose any terms in addition to the
terms of this license on any third party to whom it distributes the
Program, any Derivative Work or any copy thereof.

      3.  Reservation of Rights to FHCRC.  FHCRC hereby reserves to
itself all rights of any nature whatsoever with respect to the
Program.  Any Derivative Work created by FHCRC or its employees or
agents is not subject to the terms of this license.

      4.  Termination of license.  This license precludes any copying,
modification, sublicensing or other distribution of any Program or
Derivative Work except as expressly permitted under this license.
Violation of the terms of this license by Licensee will be deemed an
automatic termination of Licensee's rights under this license;
provided, however, that sublicenses derived from Licensee will remain
in full force and effect provided that any such sublicensees do not
breach the terms of this license.

      5.  Acceptance of Terms of License.  Licensee agrees that by
copying or distributing this Program or by creating, copying or
distributing any Derivative Work, Licensee has agreed to the terms of
this license.

      6.  Limitation of Remedies and Indemnity.  Because this Program
is licensed on a royalty-free basis, FHCRC and any person distributing
this Program or any Derivative Work expressly disclaim all warranties
express or implied including, without limitation, any implied warranty
of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.  Neither FHCRC
nor any other party distributing the Program or any Derivative Work
will be liable for any damages arising from or related to the use of
the Program or such Derivative Work, including, without limitation,
incidental or consequential damages caused by the use or inability to
use the Program or loss or damage to data.

      Licensee agrees to indemnify, defend and hold FHCRC harmless
from and against any claims, causes of action, damages, liabilities
and expenses, including without limitation attorney's fees, arising
from or related to Licensee's use, copying or distribution of the
and expenses, including without limitation attorney's fees, arising
from or related to Licensee's use, copying or distribution of the
Program or any Derivative Work.

      7.  Severability.  If any provision of this license is held
invalid under any applicable law or for any other reason, such
invalidity shall not effect any other provision of this license that
can be given effect without the invalid provision.

      8.  Notice.  Persons wishing to communicate with FHCRC
concerning this license or the Program should address their
communications as follows:

      Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center
      Attn:  Dr. Steven Henikoff
      1100 Fairview AV N, A1-162
      PO Box 19024
      Seattle, WA  98109-1024


---------------------------------------------------------------------------
